good morning it's december 16
2020 and it's a wednesday
here in l.a another clear morning
very still right now 48 degrees
fahrenheit around 9 celsius
today i was thinking about
another great song that defines the 50s
and this song
is one of my favorites
called donna by richie valens
and i was looking up info on this song
this morning
and lo and behold i
found out that this song
was recorded 62
years ago on this very day december 16
1958.
this is a great one donna
by the great richie valens
this afternoon is going to be going up
to a nice 73 degrees fahrenheit
around 23 celsius and it looks like
we're going to be enjoying
those beautiful blue skies and golden
sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day